The ticket inspector.
Coffee? No thanks.
Seats for dinner.
No thanks.
Tickets?
Pardon?
I don't want a ticket thank you.
You're not selling tickets sir.
No?
I want to see your ticket.
Oh I haven't got a ticket.
You haven't got a ticket?
No I never buy a ticket.
Why not?
Well they are very expensive you know.
Sir you're travelling on a train.
When people travel on a train they always buy a ticket.
And this is a first class compartment.
Yes.
It is very nice isn't it?
No sir.
I mean this is a first class compartment.
When people travel in a first class compartment they always buy a first class ticket.
No they don't.
What?
A lot of people don't buy tickets.
The Queen doesn't buy a ticket does she hey?
No sir.
But she's a famous person.
What about you?
Where's yours?
Mine?
Yes yours.
Your ticket.
Have you got a ticket?
Me sir.
Yes you.
No I haven't got a ticket.
Oh.
Are you a famous person?
Famous?
Well not very.
Sir I am a ticket inspector.
I inspect tickets.
Are you going to show me your ticket?
No.
I haven't got a ticket.
I see.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to write your name in my book.
Oh.
What is your name sir?
Mickey Mouse.
Mickey.
A mouse.
M-O-U-S-E.
Your name sir.
Karl Marx.
William Shakespeare.
Charles Dickens.
I see sir.
Well if you're not going to tell me your name please leave the train.
Pardon?
Leave the train.
I can't.
You can't watch.
I can't leave the train.
Why not?
It's moving.
Not now sir.
At the next station.
No.
It's in the book sir.
When you travel by train you buy a ticket.
And if you don't buy a ticket you leave the train.
Leave the train.
Here we are sir.
We're coming to a station.
Please.
Leave the train now.
Yes sir.
I'm sorry but.
Oh that's okay.
It's in the book.
What did you say?
I said.
That's okay.
Okay.
Yes.
This is my station.
Goodbye.
The restaurant.
Let's go to a restaurant tonight.
Okay.
Somewhere different.
All right.
Let's have a look in the newspaper.
Um.
Cinemas.
Theatres.
Restaurants.
Oh this sounds nice.
London's newest restaurant.
The Trattoria Romantica.
It sounds good.
The best French restaurant in London.
French.
Yes.
Trattoria Romantica sounds Italian.
It says French here.
What else does it say?
Uh.
Open every evening.
Good.
From 7.30 to 7.45.
What?
15 minutes.
It must be a mistake.
I hope so.
Anything else?
Uh.
Yes.
Music every evening.
Good.
From our Spanish guitarist.
Spanish guitarist.
Manfred Schmidt.
Yes.
Oh.
And there's a picture of the manager.
What's his name?
Stavros Papadopoulos.
Yes.
But that's a Greek name.
So.
It's an Italian restaurant serving French food.
The Spanish guitarist has got a German name and the manager's Greek.
That's right.
It sounds very international.
Let's try it.
All right.
Well, here we are.
The Trattoria Romantica.
There's no one here.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, good evening.
Is this the Trattoria Romantica?
I don't know.
I only work here.
Pardon?
Yes, yes, yes.
This is the Trattoria Romantica.
But we're closed for lunch.
Closed for lunch?
But it's 9 o'clock.
Ah.
In that case, we're closed for breakfast.
It's 9 o'clock in the evening.
Yes.
Of course it is.
Just a little joke.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am Stavros Papadopoulos.
The manager of the Trattoria Romantica.
What can I do for you?
We'd like a table for two, please.
Have you got a reservation?
Er, no.
Ah.
That's a problem.
But the restaurant is empty.
Is it?
Oh, yes.
Er, a table for two.
Yes.
Here are a lovely table for two.
Thank you.
Is everything all right?
Yes.
Thank you.
Good.
That's, er, £12.50, please.
What?
£12.50.
What for?
For the chairs.
The chairs?
Yes.
£6.25 each.
There must be some mistake.
Oh, er, sorry.
£6.30.
That's £12.60, all together.
And, of course, £37 for the table.
£37 for the table.
That's, er, £49.60, all together.
Look here.
Service.
Not included.
Service?
Would you like to pay separately or together?
Look, we don't want the table or the chairs.
Oh, you want to sit on the floor?
No.
We don't want to take them away.
That's good.
We don't have a takeaway service.
Oh, if we want to sit here and eat something.
Eat something?
Yes.
Ah.
Can we see the menu, please?
Er, yes, er, there you are.
It's a very small menu.
It's a very small restaurant.
Now, what would you like?
Let's see.
Er, egg and chips.
Double egg and chips.
Double egg and double chips.
Um, isn't this a French restaurant?
Oh, yes.
Sorry.
Give me the menu.
Thank you.
Have you got a pencil?
Here you are.
Thank you.
Mmm hmm, parlais yan guar.
parlais yan guar.
There.
A French menu.
Earth a pom-fort.
Does earth a pom-fort?
Does earth a da pom-fort?
What if you don't like eggs?
Have the chips.
What if you don't like chips?
Have the eggs.
like eggs or chips. Have a sandwich. A sandwich? Yes. I've got one here in my pocket. Thank you.
What's in this sandwich? Sand? Sand? Yes. Sand? That's why it's called a sandwich because of the
sand which is inside it. Come on, let's go. What's the matter? You're not going already, are you?
Yes. Why? Because this must be the worst restaurant in London. No, it isn't. Isn't it? No. I've got
another one around the corner. It's much worse than this one. Anyway, people don't come here
for the food. I'm not surprised. No. They come here for the music. The music? Yes. Allow me to present
Manfred Schmidt and his Spanish guitar. Hey!
Oh.
Stavros? Yes. What can Manfred play? Anything you like? Really? Yes. Anything at all. Good. Tell him to play
football. Football? What do you mean? We're leaving. Goodbye.
Oh. Goodbye. Do come again. Don't forget to tell your friends.
That's a trouble with English people, Manfred. What's that, Stavros? They don't know a good
restaurant when they see one.
The doctor.
Hello. Dr. Watson. Yes. My name's Smith. What's the matter with you? Nothing, doctor. I'm fine.
Really? In that case, why are you calling? Well, I'm a doctor. You're a doctor? Actually,
I'm a student, doctor. You're a student? Doctor. Yes?
Uh, I'm a student, doctor. Ah, a student, doctor. Yes. I'm studying to be a doctor, doctor.
A doctor, doctor? What's a doctor, doctor? Well, you're a doctor, doctor. Am I? Yes. And I'd like
to come and watch you working. Fine. Come anytime. Goodbye.
Come in. Good morning, doctor. Ah, you must be the student, doctor. Pardon? Student, doctor.
Student, doctor. No, actually, I'm... Sit down.
Now, you want to watch me working? Uh, no. Actually, I'm not a... Ah, that'll be my first patient. Come in.
Good morning, doctor. Good morning. This is a student, doctor. He's come to watch me working.
This is a patient. I'm going to ask her a few questions. Doctor? Yes? I'm a student, doctor.
Really? Yes. She's a student, doctor, like you. I'm not a student, doctor. You're not a student,
doctor. Yes? I think he's a patient, doctor. A patient, doctor? That's marvellous. Patient,
doctors are the best kind. No. I'm a student, doctor. He's a patient. I'm a student, doctor.
He's a patient. No. I'm a patient. You're a doctor. I'm a patient. You're a doctor.
No! You're a doctor, he's a patient.
You're a doctor, he's a patient.
No!
You're a doctor, she's a student-doctor.
Student-doctor, doctor, patient-doctor.
Patient, doctor, student-doctor, doctor.
Doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor.
Mmm.
Patient.
Doctor, student-doctor.
Yes!
Well, I'm glad that's all clear.
Goodbye.
Doctor?
Yes?
I think you should examine the patient.
Examine him?
Find out what's wrong.
What a good idea.
Now, when you examine a patient, the first thing you must do is tell the patient to sit
down.
You try it.
Sit down.
I'm already sitting down.
He's already sitting down.
Ah.
This is a very common problem.
If the patient is already sitting down, don't tell him to sit down.
Oh.
Don't sit down.
Right.
Sit down.
Now, when the patient is sitting down, what's the first thing you should do?
Take his temperature.
No.
Feel his pulse.
Tell him to say R.
Button?
Say R.
R.
No.
Him.
Mmm.
No.
Tell him to say R.
R.
Him.
Say R.
Pardon?
R.
Good.
Actually, Doctor, the problem is my R.
Now, we can ask the patient some questions.
Questions?
Yes.
And here they are.
Go on.
You can ask him the questions.
Oh.
Right.
Now, listen very carefully because we have some very important questions for you.
But, Doctor, the problem is- Read the first question.
Are you, Mrs. Elizabeth Robinson of 45 Shakespeare Avenue?
No.
Correct?
Is this your first baby?
What?
Try the next one.
What is the capital of Uruguay?
Montevideo.
Correct?
Well, there's nothing wrong with this South American geography.
But, Doctor, you're fine.
You can go now.
Doctor?
Yes.
I really think you should examine the patient.
Good idea.
Cough.
I know what's wrong with him.
What?
He's got a cough.
Yes.
And I, Doctor Watson, have got the answer.
Dr. Watson's Universal Cough Remedy.
Doctor Watson's Universal Cough Remedy.
Yes.
But what about his arm?
Erm, Doctor Watson's Universal Cough and Arm Remedy.
Universal Cough and Arm Remedy.
Yes.
And this is how it works.
He can drink it, but it tastes horrible, or he can rub it on his back.
But he must mix it with water first.
Ha.
As you can see, he's feeling much better now.
All he needs is six months in hospital.
Let's take him away.
Where?
To the hospital?
No, to the bus stop.
Go on.
Mr. Jones.
Good afternoon.
My name's Jones, Charles Jones.
I come from Wales from Cardiff.
I saw an advertisement in the newspaper.
It said, Charles Jones, money, four o'clock, choose the afternoon.
And it gave this address?
Ah, yes.
Wait in here, please, Mr. Jones.
Ah, thank you.
With these two gentlemen.
Oh, thank you.
Good afternoon.
Ah.
Ha.
Nice day, isn't it?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
Now, Mr. Jones?
Yes.
Mr. Jones?
Which one of you is Mr. Jones?
I am.
So am I.
No.
My name's Jones.
So is mine.
I want to speak to Mr. Charles Jones.
Charles Jones, that's me.
No, I'm Charles Jones.
That's my name, too.
Charles Edward Jones.
Yes, my name is Charles Edward Jones.
So is mine.
Mine is, too.
I want to speak to Mr. Charles Edward Jones from Cardiff.
That's right.
I come from Cardiff.
So do I.
The Mr. Jones I want to see has got three children.
Yes, that's me.
I've got three children.
So have I.
What about you?
I've got three children.
You haven't.
What are they called?
What are yours called?
Alan, Michael and David.
So am I.
What a coincidence.
So you all say you're Mr. Jones.
Yes.
And you all saw the advertisement in the newspaper.
Well, Mr. Charles Edward Jones, who lives in Cardiff and has three children, hasn't paid
any tax for the last five years.
He must pay the government £5,000.
Erm, actually, my name isn't Jones.
Nor is mine.
And I don't live in Cardiff, I have a nor do I.
I live in Edinburgh, as a matter of fact.
I didn't understand the advertisement.
Nor did I.
Oh, I didn't realise it meant Charles Edward Jones.
Nor is mine.
He's the man you're looking for.
Oh, dear.
Yes, of course he is.
Sorry to have troubled you.
Goodbye.
Yes, sorry to have troubled you.
So, you're Mr. Jones.
Yes.
Congratulations.
Hey.
You're a rich man.
I'm not.
Yes, you are.
You've got a lot of money.
I'm not.
You're a rich man.
I haven't.
I can't pay that tax.
There isn't any tax.
I haven't got...
No tax.
No.
That was just a story.
I had to find the real Mr. Jones.
Why?
Because the real Mr. Jones is a very rich man.
I don't understand.
Mr. Jones.
Charlie.
Your great uncle Max died last week.
Oh, no.
goes to you to me but great-uncle Max was a millionaire that's right so now
I'm a millionaire no oh you're half a millionaire half a millionaire oh we
have the top half or the bottom half you know no no you share the money with one
other relation half a millionaire who do I share the money with me you yes I'm
your cousin Jane cousin Jane really you've grown up so have you and now you're
half a millionaire and so are you let's go out and celebrate good idea let's go
out and celebrate come on oh Jane yes have you got enough money for the bus
fair the funny shoe store good morning madam can I help you are you honest
Harry maybe why I want to make a complaint to honest Harry a complaint
yes in that case I'm not honest Harry what honest Harry's on holiday oh wait a
minute your hat says honest Harry oh yes this is honest Harry's hat I'm wearing
it while he's on holiday what I'll tell you what I'll do I'll give you Harry's
telephone number in Argentina now listen to me all right all right all right I
am honest Harry what's the problem well my husband came here yesterday oh really
yes and he bought these shoes yes well my husband can't wear these why not are
they too big no too small no so what's the problem they're not the same color
not the same color that's right not the same color as what they're not the same
color as each other one of them's red and the other one's green oh yes one of
them's red and the other one's green yes I see so which one are you complaining
about pardon which one don't you like look there's nothing wrong with the shoes
good but they're not a pair no you're right madam they're not a pair this is a
pair hmm delicious I don't think you're taking this very seriously sorry madam
let's start at the beginning your husband bought these shoes yes from me yes and
you're not satisfied with them that's right I'm not satisfied at all what do
you mean exactly what do you mean what do I mean what do I mean what do you mean
yes what I mean is this are you a unhappy b annoyed c angry or d suicidal
well I'm unhappy you're unhappy yes you're not annoyed no well yes I am so you're
annoyed yes you're not just unhappy you're annoyed yes but you're not angry no
you're sure yes oh you are angry no I'm sure I'm not angry you're not angry
I'm not angry well you look angry to me all right I'm angry you're angry right but
not suicidal that's right good you're angry yes now are you a very angry be very
angry see extremely angry or d absolutely furious look this is stupid oh it's
stupid is it yes it's stupid I see would you say it's a very stupid be very very
stupid see completely stupid or d absolutely idiotic look all I want to do
is change these shoes change the shoes well why didn't you say so you're very
lucky madam because I have here another pair of shoes that are very similar
no wait a minute that's a red one and a green one as well you're quite right
okay let me change this red one for this green one thank you and this green
one for this red one satisfied no all right then I'll change this green one
for this red one and this red one for this green one look just a minute I've
got a better idea your husband bought this pair of shoes so if you buy this
pair as well yes you can have one pair and your husband can have the other
all right one pair two pairs how much is that 20 pounds 20 pounds here you are
no it's 20 pounds a pair that's 40 pounds 40 pounds yes but my husband
paid you 20 pounds yesterday did he yes so you owe me 20 pounds do I yes oh
here you are then thank you goodbye goodbye no just a minute come back
the strange hotel Splendido good afternoon sir welcome to the hotel
Splendido thank you good heavens look at that what look at what your shirt my
shirt yes do you like it no no no it's horrible I beg your pardon it's horrible
but for you it's a good shirt thank you because when people look at you they
look at the shirt I know and that's good because if they look at the shirt they
don't look at the shorts what and the shorts are really horrible now listen I
didn't come here to be insulted by you oh you want somebody else to do it hey
George come here for a minute stop look I want to book a room book a room yes
have you got one what a book or a room a room have you got a room yes we've got
lots of rooms it's a big hotel yes but have you got a room free free yes no you
have to pay for it I mean have you got a room with no one in it I don't know
well can you have a look in the book pardon have a look in the book a look in
the book yes have a look in the book okay
okay I've had a look in the book and what do you think it's a nice book look have
you got a room or haven't you okay okay okay yes we've got a room good a
single room no good I need a double room ah yes for you and your shirt no for me
and my wife she's arriving this evening ah yes we've got a double room good how
much is it how much yes it's about this long and about this wide and about this
high no not how big how much ah ten pounds ten pounds yes ten pounds for you ten
pounds for your wife and fifty pounds for the horrible shirt fifty pounds for
the shirt that's ridiculous it's a ridiculous shirt now you listen to me I
don't like your attitude I don't like your shirt I'm going to complain to the
manager she's not here where is she in hospital in hospital oh dear did she
have an accident not exactly she had dinner in the hotel well I would just
like to say that you are the most unhelpful the most unpleasant the worst
receptionist that I have met in my life thank you very much and I am going to
report you to the manager fine shall I give you the phone number of the
hospital right that's enough my wife and I are not going to stay at this hotel
I'll go and book a room at the hotel next door okay see you there pardon I'll see
you there what this is my last day at this hotel I lost my job this morning I
start work tomorrow at the hotel next door oh no see you tomorrow
a ticket to Birmingham
excuse me can I help you yes I want a ticket a ticket yes I want a ticket to
Birmingham ticket to Birmingham yes why why what why do you want a ticket to
Birmingham well Birmingham is a terrible place it's awful if I were you I won't
go to Birmingham I live there now Oxford's a very nice place I live there why
don't you go to Oxford I live there what in Oxford no in Birmingham oh and I want
to go to Birmingham today impossible what it's impossible it'll take you three
days three days oh yes it'll take you at least three days walking walking I don't
want to walk to Birmingham you don't want to walk no oh I understand good you want
to run run you'll get very tired if you run listen if I were you I'd walk I don't
want to walk and I don't want to run I want to take the train the train you'll
get there much faster if you walk now don't be ridiculous I want a ticket for
the next train to Birmingham the next train to Birmingham yes when is it
pardon what time is it I don't know I haven't got to watch no I mean what time
is the train what time does the train leave oh I see sorry I'll check take a
seat thank you
hello Bert who's that oh hello Charlie where's Bert is he oh well learn is Eric
there hmm hello Eric isn't Bert there oh dear very sad is Arthur there hello
Arthur who oh hello Charlie he's Bert there look can you please find out when
the next train to Birmingham leaves yes all right Charlie who's that Eric oh
Arthur can I speak to Dave yes okay I'll hold on look it's all right I'm holding
on Dave hello Dave this is Sid very well thanks and you good listen Dave
there's something I must ask you how's your wife did she the next train to
Birmingham oh yes Dave I've got a young man here hmm when is the next train to
Birmingham yes yes yes yes yes yes thanks Dave hold on well he doesn't know he
doesn't know why not well Dave doesn't work at the station he doesn't work at
the station no Dave works at the cafe across the road you should never ask
Dave about trains I didn't ask him you asked him Eric's the one who knows
about trains well ask Eric then right Dave can you put Eric back on Eric Eric
I've got a young man here hmm it's about trains to Birmingham when is the next
one right okay fine super smashing super fine okay right thanks Eric bye so
when is the train the train yes well there's a small problem what's that they
can't find it I can't find what they can't find the train it's lost lost well
it's not exactly lost they know where it is well where is it it's somewhere
between here and Birmingham this is terrible yes but it happens every day
if how are you I'd start walking but I'm in a hurry well run then I don't want
to run and take a taxi I don't want to take a taxi hello it's for you thank
you hello since speaking who's that Eric hello what is it the train to Birmingham
what marvellous where was it a platform to it was there all the time
amazing okay Eric I'll tell him bye well there is a train to Birmingham marvellous
it's a platform to wonderful and it's leaving any minute now oh good a second
class single to Birmingham please pardon can you give me a second-class single
to Birmingham no I can't why not well this isn't the ticket office what the
ticket office is next door oh no what's the matter I'm going to miss the train
don't worry you've got plenty of time plenty of time the trains leaving any
minute now yes but there's no hurry why not because I'm the driver you're the
driver yes the train can't leave without me can it now now you come with me platform
to no Dave's Cafe oh right we'll have a nice cup of tea and a sandwich before
we go lovely and I'll introduce you to Dave and his wife I think you'll like
them Jerry Thatcher's party
yes sir hello is this Jerry Thatcher's house yes sir oh good I've got an
invitation to Jerry's party my name's Horace Smith in that case please come
in sir thank you mr Thatcher is in the lounge this way thank you
hello George what George Wilberforce pardon how are you George actually I'm not
good good good no just a minute how's your wife I'm not married good good
Maxwell give George a drink I'll get to the door yes sir
gooey Amanda how are you fine good good thank you
Amanda I'd like you to meet one of my eldest friends George Wilberforce how do
you do George actually my name isn't George isn't it no what is it then it's
Horace Smith actually of course it is Amanda I'd like you to meet one of my
dearest friends Horace Smith actually it's just Smith actually that's what I said
I'm very pleased to meet you mr. Actually no it's Smith actually oh yes
mr. Smith actually no no no my name isn't Smith actually actually actually
it's just Smith actually I'm sure it is have a drink Amanda yes Jerry come and
have a look at the gods okay
your drink sir thank you she's very nice isn't she yes sir very nice indeed I'd
like to go out with her would you sir yes very much the trouble is I never know
what to say when I meet people in that case sir I think you need this book what
is it English for all situations sir it's full of useful expressions look unit
one in a restaurant unit two on a train unit three at a party useful
expressions in English when you meet someone at a party wonderful are you
doing anything on Saturday night no I'm not actually no sir that's the first
question try it ah are you doing anything on Saturday night good how about going
to the cinema how about going to the cinema what time shall I pick you up
pardon that's the next expression ah what time shall I pick you up I think
sir that you should suggest doing something before going to the cinema good
idea what for example well going to a restaurant an Italian restaurant perhaps
okay so you say do you like Italian food do you like Italian food she'll say
yes because everyone likes Italian food so you say so do I so do I let's have
spaghetti a little bit before we go let's have spaghetti on a gondola before we
go hmm and finally you say see you on Saturday you on Saturday good now let's
practice right um are you doing anything on Saturday morning night oh good night
Saturday night sir try again are you doing anything on Saturday night no I'm
not what oh I see um good how about going to the cinema I'd love to what time shall
I pick you up eight o'clock do you like Italian food yes I love Italian food so
do I let's have spaghetti a little gondola before we go that would be
lovely see you on Saturday very very good sir now take the book and have a
little practice before she comes back right thank you
oh yes I know Amanda yes Jenny are you doing anything on Saturday night no I'm
not super how about going to the cinema oh that would be wonderful super what
times are I pick you up eight o'clock super it's all right Maxwell I'll go see
you on Saturday Amanda okay I don't think we've met yes we have Amanda it's me
Horace Horace yes Horace Smith oh yes mr. actually Amanda yes Horace are you
doing anything on Saturday night yes I am good how about going to the cinema
actually I'm going to the cinema with Joey on Saturday night what time shall I
pick you up Horace I'm going out with Joey on Saturday night do you like Italian
food no I hate Italian food so do I let's have spaghetti on a gondola before we go
oh Horace you are funny why don't we go for a walk in the garden see you on Saturday
the mad dentist is he good pardon the dentist is he good I don't know you don't
know no I haven't seen him before he's new new yes it's his first day oh this is my
first visit you know oh really it's the first time I've been here don't you
understand it's the first time I've been to the dentist in my life he's late
isn't he well it is his first day oh well perhaps I won't wait I can come back tomorrow
or the next day here he comes now oh good morning good morning sorry I'm late now
who's first he was here first oh no after you no no you would be for me no no
ladies first no no what seems to be the matter I've got a bad tooth so have I well I
can do you both at the same time but at the same time yes I've got two pieces of
string look string to take out a tooth have you done that before not on people
no but I tried it this morning on the cat and was the cat all right oh yes it
got up ran across the room and jumped out of the window and we live on the 13th
floor the 13th floor don't worry the cats not superstitious but dentists don't
use string to take our teeth don't they what do you want then well to begin with
I'd like an anesthetic oh you'd like an anesthetic would you just a minute
ah yes here we are what's that ah hammer ah is that the anesthetic I'm not sure
it's the first time I've given an anesthetic sit still oh it works no madam
what's the matter with you I've got a pain well in my mouse yes I know it's
in your mouth but which tooth yes one huh oh yes a molar what are you going to do
I'm going to take it out how I don't know you don't know no this is the first
time I've taken out a molar in fact it's the first time I've taken out a two the
first time you've taken out a tooth yes this is a very important day for me my
first extraction now where's that hammer listen I don't want the hammer and I
don't want the string I want you to take my tooth out with a pair of pair of
scissors no a pair of socks no a pair of trousers no oh just a minute
these yes I suppose so I don't open your mouth but what about the anesthetic oh
yes pass me the hammer I don't want the hammer I want a proper anesthetic I want
an injection an injection yes just a minute oh yes this is for injections isn't
it how does it work well you're the dentist don't you know no it's the first
time I've used one of these oh well I'll have a try open your mouth no I don't
think you really know no no I'll come back another day where am I hey what are
you doing I'll be with you in a moment so now just sit still madam no stop that
you're absolutely crazy I agree he's absolutely crazy completely mad let's
get out of here oh yes good idea so you don't want me to take out that molar
certainly not come on yes good idea
that worked very well but dentists don't use string to take out tea oh oh you'd
like an anesthetic would you oh good morning sorry I'm late it's my first
day it's the first time I've been here hmm are you the only one yes there's just
me right you can come straight in then oh good I hate having to wait
tourist information good day pardon good day sorry sir I only speak English I
am speaking English good day it's Australian it's Australian for hello is
it yes oh I see good day wallaby pardon wallaby ah wallaby no no wallaby is my
name oh I see pleased to meet you mr. Wallaby I've come from Sydney Sydney
yes Sydney who what Sydney what who's Sydney what no no Sydney is in Australia
Sydney's in Australia yes oh I see so he couldn't come to England what you've
come but Sydney hasn't no no no Sydney is the place where I live oh I see at last
Sydney is the name of your house yes all right so which town do you come from
Sydney so Sydney is the name of your house and the name of your town what a
coincidence so how can I help you I'd like some information some information
yes some tourist information okay sir welcome to Rita's tourist information
office I can answer all your questions good but it will cost you £5 pardon
me £5 ask me anything you like the questions are £5 each £5 each was
that a question yes that's £10 just a minute do I have to pay you £5 for
every question pardon I said do I have to pay you £5 for every question yes sir
what is this normal oh yes sir it's quite normal is it yes sir no come on this is
a joke isn't it no sir look all I want is some information what did you
say I said wait a minute I didn't ask a question then didn't you look you've
just asked two questions and I'm paying for them okay I'm sorry sir you can have
two free questions can I that's one now what do I want to know and that's two look
what is going on here £50 congratulations sir you now owe me £50 now you can pay me
the £50 or you can answer one simple question and double the £50 to £100
here's the question how old are you 26 is the correct answer you now owe me £100
there you are thank you sir enjoy your stay in England thank you wait a minute
I haven't had any information yet don't worry sir ask me anything you like but
don't forget it costs £5 a question right £5 a question can you tell me no no no
do you know no no no no five pounds a question right I'd like to rent a car
you'd like to rent a car yes and I'd like you to tell me where I can do it you'd
like to rent a car yes well sir there is a car rental company in the airport good
and it's right here welcome to Rita's rent a car oh we have cars from all over
the world and I have here in my hand the keys to a Rolls Royce a Rolls Royce yes
please here you are that's £50 here you are £50 for a Rolls Royce no sir
it's £50 for the keys oh now sir do you have any more questions well I've only
got £5 left so you can have one more question what would you like to know
what time is the next plane back to Australia I don't know sir thank you
very much goodbye
the superlative vacuum cleaner
yes I'm coming good morning good morning young lady is your mother in my mother
I'm the mother in this house what do you want dast madam yes madam dast I
haven't got any dust oh yes you have all over your carpet hey I've just cleaned
this carpet why are you putting dust all over it don't worry madam I've got the
answer to all your problems here the superlative vacuum cleaner the superlative
vacuum cleaner why is it called superlative because madam everything about
it is superlative it's the quickest the cleanest the cheapest the smallest the
smartest the most economical the most effective the most beautiful the most
revolutionary vacuum cleaner in the world and it's only 65 pounds are you trying
to sell me a vacuum cleaner yes madam well we'll go on then I've finished madam
finished you haven't said very much what sort of a vacuum cleaner salesman are
you not a very good one I'm afraid and I can see that no I'm a very bad vacuum
cleaner salesman in fact I'm the worst salesman in our company the worst the worst
I sometimes think I'm the worst vacuum cleaner salesman in the world oh dear
but you like your job like my job no madam I'm gonna taste my job it's the most
boring job in the world every day it's the same good morning young lady is your
mother in the superlative vacuum cleaner the quickest the cleanest the cheapest
well is it the quickest no he's probably the slowest is it the cleanest cleanest
don't make me laugh I don't think there's a dirtier vacuum cleaner on the market
and it certainly isn't the cheapest either no no no this is no good at all
look do you want to sell this vacuum cleaner or don't you I suppose so well
your sales technique is all wrong is it yes I could sell vacuum cleaners better
than you no you couldn't yes I could I'll show you but you come into the house
and I'll ring the bell and sell the vacuum cleaner to you you sell the vacuum cleaner
to me yes okay but it isn't as easy as you think we'll see go inside and shut
the door all right not today thank you
yes hello hello my goodness me what a beautiful house you've got oh do you like
it like it it's the most beautiful house I've seen for a long time thank
you very much may I come in thank you oh what a colorful carpet yes it's lovely
isn't it it's the most colorful carpet I've seen for ages I should think it was
very expensive the most expensive one in the shop and I suppose you've got a very
good vacuum cleaner to look after it vacuum cleaner no I haven't you haven't
got a vacuum cleaner no well madam this is your lucky day because I have here
the best vacuum cleaner that money can buy the superlative vacuum cleaner is it
really good good good it's the quickest the quickest the cleanest the cleanest
the cheapest the smallest the smartest the most economical the most effective
the most beautiful the most revolutionary vacuum cleaner in the world how much is
it just 65 pounds to you madam oh good where's the money oh it's in my handbag
on the kitchen table oh right oh just go and get some money good idea madam you've
made the right decision do you know you're a fantastic saleswoman oh you've
got a fantastic sales technique do you think so yes you've got the best sales
technique I've seen all day thank you thank you madam
hmm twenty thirty forty fifty sixty sixty sixty five now that's the way to sell
a vacuum cleaner Jerry Brown's driving license hmm three o'clock where is he
oh there he is Jerry Jerry oh hello hello Jerry well the big day yes my driving
test it's very good of you to lend me your car that's all right Jerry you have had
driving lessons haven't you oh yes well I had one one yes I had one last night
it was very good that's not enough you should have had at least 10 don't worry
I've flown aeroplanes you know and it's all more or less the same you just jump
in switch on and ha ha she goes yes but this isn't an aeroplane it's a car my car
oh yes I can see that hmm that's another problem what your eyes what's the matter
with my eyes well they're not exactly perfect are they well I know I can't see
very well but you told the authorities that your eyes were perfect you shouldn't
have done that yes I know but don't worry everything will be all right I borrowed
these glasses from my uncle and he says they're marvelous your uncle's glasses
but Jerry you should have brought your own glasses I haven't got any of my own
but don't worry my uncle has worn these for 25 years and he's a brain surgeon
Jerry look I'll put them on there oh oh Brian Brian oh Jerry look here
comes the examiner oh yes I see he looks like a very nice man Jerry it's not a
man it's a woman oh now listen Jerry there's only one way you can pass this
test yes being polite be polite I'm not Jerry and she gets mr. Brong yes I'm
examiner shall we get in